shoreleave
==========

A smarter client-side in ClojureScript

###Shoreleave is a collection of integrated libraries that focuses on:

 * Security
 * Idiomatic interfaces
 * Common client-side strategies
 * HTML5 capabilities
 * ClojureScript's advantages

It builds upon efforts found in other ClojureScript projects, such as [Fetch](https://github.com/ibdknox/fetch) and [ClojureScript:One](http://clojurescriptone.com/).


Shoreleave-baseline Overview
----------------------------
Shoreleave-baseline is a starting point for building applications with Ring+Compojure+lib-noir+Shoreleave.
It fills the same role as ClojureScript:One - it is an example/foundation from which you can build up.

There are four branches within the repo:

 * `clean` involves almost no code.  It's a minimal, running template app that you can fill in and customize.
 * `master` involves trivial code that illustrates proper usage of the most common Shoreleave modules.
 * `kitchensink` involves ALL Shoreleave modules working in concert.  This is great to smoketest Shoreleave.
 * `incubator` involves all new features being tested or developed for Shoreleave.  *DO NOT USE THIS BRANCH*

### Batteries included
Shoreleave-baseline is already wired up to do a host of best-practices for web applications.
This includes, but is not limited to client-side caching, compression, and CSRF protection (all via Ring Middleware).

A sane file structure has been imposed on the example, as well as smart default options.
A central config file for the app can be found at `resources/config.edn` and is accessed through the `config` namespace.
The config system can easily be replaced with [environ](https://github.com/weavejester/environ) or [carica](https://github.com/sonian/carica).

The compiled JavaScript file is also included in every branch, to ensure there is always a runnable example.

### Launching the server
The server can be launched in a few ways.

 * From the REPL with: `(defonce server (start-server))`
 * Launching a quick dev server with: `lein run`
 * Launching a dev server with Lein Ring: `lein ring server`
 * Launching a prod server with Lein Ring: `lein with-profile production ring server-headless`

### File structure and outline
TBD


Plays well with others
----------------------
Shoreleave makes no assumptions about other libraries you might be using in your application.

You should extend the example in anyway that makes sense.


License
-------
Copyright © 2013 Paul deGrandis

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.
Please see the `LICENSE_epl.html` for details.

